Moving orphan files (#308)
datacarpentry/sql-ecology-lesson: reference.md

layout: reference
---

## Reference

> See [this cheat sheet](https://github.com/datacarpentry/sql-ecology-lesson/blob/gh-pages/files/sql-cheat-sheet.md) for an list of the commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [this cheat sheet]({{ page.root }}{% link files/sql-cheat-sheet.md %}) for an list of the commands
```
